[doc] Add the step of setting "TI_WITH_VULKAN" for linux (#4209)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/contribution/dev_install.md

  > On Ubuntu, check if a JSON file with a name corresponding to your GPU vendor is in: `/etc/vulkan/icd.d/` or `/usr/share/vulkan/icd.d/`.

4. Check if the SDK is properly installed: `vulkaninfo`.
  

> 5. If the SDK is properly installed, add an environment variable `TAICHI_CMAKE_ARGS` with the value `-DTI_WITH_VULKAN:BOOL=ON` to enable the Vulkan backend: (Otherwise Vulkan backend is disbaled by default when compling from source.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If the SDK is properly installed, add an environment variable `TAICHI_CMAKE_ARGS` with the value `-DTI_WITH_VULKAN:BOOL=ON` to enable the Vulkan backend: (Otherwise Vulkan backend is disabled by default when compiling from source.)
```

4. Check if the SDK is properly installed: `vulkaninfo`.

5. If the SDK is properly installed, add an environment variable `TAICHI_CMAKE_ARGS` with the value `-DTI_WITH_VULKAN:BOOL=ON` to enable the Vulkan backend: (Otherwise Vulkan backend is disabled by default when compiling from source.)

  ```shell

>   export TAICHI_CMAKE_ARGS=$TAICHI_CMAKE_ARGS:" -DTI_WITH_VULKAN:BOOL=ON"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  export TAICHI_CMAKE_ARGS="$TAICHI_CMAKE_ARGS -DTI_WITH_VULKAN:BOOL=ON"
```
